Problem 1: Write a class called Product. 
The class should have fields called name, amount, and price, holding the product's name, 
the number of items of that product in stock, and the regular price of the product. 
There should be a method get_price that receives the number of items to be bought and 
returns a the cost of buying that many items, where the regular price is charged for orders of 
less than 10 items, a 10% discount is applied for orders of between 10 and 99 items, 
and a 20% discount is applied for orders of 100 or more items. 
There should also be a method called make_purchase that receives the number of items to be 
bought and decreases amount by that much.

Problem 2: Write a class called Password_manager. 
The class should have a list called old_passwords that holds all of the user's past passwords. 
The last item of the list is the user's current password. 
There should be a method called get_password that returns the current password 
and a method called set_password that sets the user's password. 
The set_password method should only change the password if the attempted password is different 
from all the user's past passwords. 
Finally, create a method called is_correct that receives a string and 
returns a boolean True or False depending on whether the string is equal to the current password or not.

Problem 3:
Write a class called Time whose only field is a time in seconds. 
It should have a method called convert_to_minutes that returns a string of minutes and seconds 
formatted as in the following example: if seconds is 230, the method should return '5:50'. 
It should also have a method called convert_to_hours that returns a string of hours, minutes, and seconds 
formatted analogously to the previous method

Problem 4:
Write a class called Investment with fields called principal and interest. 
The constructor should set the values of those fields. There should be a method called value_after 
that returns the value of the investment after n years. The formula for this is p(1+i)n, 
where p is the principal, and i is the interest rate. 
It should also use the special method __str__ so that printing 
the object will result in something like below:
Principal - $1000.00, Interest rate - 5.12%

Problem 5:
Write a class called OpenFile with fields filename. The constructor shouldset the values of those fields.
There should be a method called getLine that returns one line from the file. There should be a method
called getFrequency that returns the frequency of word passed as an argument to the method, inside the file.

